Testing (#75)
YunoHost-Apps/plume_ynh: doc/DISCLAIMER.md

**Warning:** The package can take **15 to 30 minutes** to complete depending on your system configuration. **Don't intrupt the installation process while installing.**

## Important points to read before installing
1. **Plume** is still in **pre-release** stage and undergoing heavy development, so there can be **bugs**.

> 1. **Plume** require a dedicated **root domain**, eg. plume.domain.tld
> 1. **Plume** require a valid **certificate** installed on the domain. Yunohost can **install Letsencrypt certificate** on the domain from **admin web-interface** or through **command-line**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Plume** requires a dedicated **root domain**, eg. plume.domain.tld
1. **Plume** requires a valid **certificate** installed on the domain. YunoHost can **install a Let's Encrypt certificate** on the domain from **admin web-interface** or through **command-line**.
```
